- Hi, Bellamy.
- What's going on?
- Oh, this, you know.
- So you're the famous
First Lady on television,
and then you just took a selfie
with the real First Lady.
How cool was that?
- Surreal!
How crazy is this show?
How great is this show today?
[laughs]
Thank you for that.
We've only--
We've met one other time.
I met her last year
around this time
at White House
Correspondents' Dinner.
And Tony Goldwyn, who plays
my husband on the TV,
we got to sort of
go through a line
and meet them together.
And the first thing
she said to me was,
as we're walking
onto the dais, she says,
"Why did you kill
your son?"
And I was like...
I got really nervous,
and then I was like...
[stammering]
And I couldn't really get
any words out.
So I was glad I got
to speak today.
- Yeah.
- And our sweet president
said to Tony,
"Mr. President."
Like, that's how, like,
the whole--
And then the moment was over,
but it was amazing.
I mean, isn't that amazing
that "Scandal" is so popular
that actually the president
is watching the show?
- It's so surreal.
Sweet Tina Tchen
who was here--
she's Michelle Obama's
Chief of Staff--
like, we were just
talking backstage.
It's crazy that any of them
know who any of us are.
- Yeah.
- That's amazing.